Re-do the docs (#22)
AliceO2Group/AliceO2Group.github.io: quickstart/overview.markdown

---

> title: Overview of the ALICE O<sup>2</sup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Overview of the ALICE O<sup>2</sup> computing system
```

layout: main
---

> This is an overview of the O<sup>2</sup> system. It is pretty rough, but it should give you an idea of the general architecture. Please refer to other documents such as the [TDR](https://cds.cern.ch/record/2011297).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an overview of the O<sup>2</sup> computing system. It is pretty rough, but it should give you an idea of the general architecture. For more details, please refer to other documents such as the [TDR](https://cds.cern.ch/record/2011297).
```

## Requirements

> 1. After LS2 the ALICE experiment will have gone through a massive upgrade to handle minimum bias PbPb interactions at 50 kHz. This will results in a 100 times higher event rate than in Run 1 (2010).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After LS2 the ALICE experiment will have gone through a massive upgrade to handle minimum bias PbPb interactions at 50 kHz. This will results in an event rate 100 times higher than during Run 1 (2010-2012).
```

2. Moreover, the physics topics addressed by the ALICE upgrade are characterised by a very small signal-to-noise ratio, requiring very large statistics, and a large background, which makes triggering techniques very inefficient, if not impossible.

> 3. Finally, the TPC's inherent rate of ~50Hz requires a continuous, _non-triggered_, read-out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally, the inherent rate of  the Time Projection Chamber (TPC) detector is lower than 50kHz, thus requiring a continuous, _non-triggered_, read-out.
```

## A new computing system : ALICE O<sup>2</sup>

>  Given the above requirements, the readout throughput increases to 3.4TB/s. Such amount of data is difficult to store as it was done during Run 1 and 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the upgrade the readout throughput will increase to 3.4TB/s. To store such a data volume is quite challenging. 
```

>  This lead us to design of a new computing system for Run 3 and 4. In this new system the data is compressed on-the-fly by partial online reconstruction achieving a compression factor of 30. The unified design causes that traditional boundary between online and offline system blurs out. As a consequence, we have a common computing system for online and offline, thus the name "O2".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This led us to design a new computing system for Run 3 and 4. In this new system the data is compressed on-the-fly by partial online reconstruction, achieving a compression factor of 30. In this unified design, the traditional boundary between online and offline tasks is much thinner. As a consequence, we have a common computing system for online and offline named "O<sup>2</sup>".
```

## Data flow

> The data flow is depicted below in a simplified way. A much more detailed description and figure is available in the [TDR](https://cds.cern.ch/record/2011297).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The O<sup>2</sup> data flow is depicted below in a simplified way. A more detailed description is available in the [TDR](https://cds.cern.ch/record/2011297).
```
